
1. Why is software development life cycle important?

    software development life cycle term used in system engineering,information system and software engineering to describe a process for planning,creating,testing and deploying an information system.
The first step of SDLC is preliminary investigations, in this step we will assesses feasibility and practicality of system and simply to identify and select a project for development from among all the projects that are under consideration.
the second step is system analysis, is an in-depth study of end user information needs that produces functional requirements that are used as the basis for the design of a new information system.
third phase is system design,it can be viewed as the design of user interface data, process and system specification.
fourth phase is system development, it includes Development of software,Acquire the hardware,test the new system and Create manuals for users and operators.
fifth one is system implementations, its a stage where theory converted to practical.
last one is system operations and maintenance. 


2. Come up with Entry and Exit criteria for each phases of project
management life cycle

 project initiation 
                   entry :business case 
                   exit :project initiation document
project planning 
                entry:setting goals,scheduling and creating a project paln. 
                exit:the scope of the project id defined and project managment plan is developed.
project execution
                entry:this phase starts with a meeting which involes detailed discussion about project development.
                exit:this is phase where deliverebles and developed completed.
project managment and cintrolling
                               entry: measuring project progression and performance and ensuring that everything happening aligns with the project management plan. 
                               exit:the project manager will use key performance indicators(KPI) to measure the project performance.

project closure
               entry:project closure report
               exit:pure implementation review,project completed and lessons learned   
3. What are the roles of a Business Analyst? Why is Business Analysis crucial
for a project success?

    Requirements Are the Core of the Business Analyst's Role. Business analysis training teaches requirements management – one of the core skills of business analysts. Developing technical solutions to business problems, or to advance a company's sales efforts, begins with defining, analyzing and documenting requirements.
The Key Role of Business Analysis in Project Success and Achieving Business Value.He is the liason among stakeholders
   

4. Define the roles and responsibilities of a Project Manager

   There are many roles and responsibilities that a project manager should have, those are 
Takes ownership of the whole project ,Is proactive not reactive,Adequately plans the project
Is Authoritative (NOT Authoritarian),Is Decisive,Is a Good Communicator,Manages by data and facts not uniformed optimis, Leads by example,Has sound Judgement, Is a Motivator, Is Diplomatic,Can Delegate. 
